Enhancements.md, before:

# Enhancements Backlog

## Immediate Goals
1. Add estimated season data for all other locations.
2. Add passports and expiry dates to user settings
3. Add filter categories (E.g. Cost, Location, Activity, etc), and put the existing filters inside them.
4. Remove horizontal scroll bar on timeline page.
5. Add reporting tools for users to generate reports of their trips (e.g. costs between dates, etc)
6. Filter visa list on travel region selected (e.g. only allow European visas if Europe is selected.)
7. Add a travel logistics "to-do list"
8. Add a "packing list" page, saving data between sessions, each item can be ticked off.
9. List spoken languages in each country, and add filter for languages (multiselect)
10. Add a friends and family list, with URL for socials, plus a location, plus dates for that location.
11. Add a list of interests to user config (e.g. Architecture, coffee, local cuisine, adventure sports, etc)
12. Add a filter for interests (multiselect).
13. Change app name to "NomadPlan"

## Issues
1. NA

## Stretch Goals
1. Add expense tracking so people can better estimate costs for themselves in specific locations?
2. Add an experience wishlist brainstorm chatbot?
3. Add Nomad Visa requirements list via API
4. Add flight scenario comparison tool? (Compare costs/dates/availability across several multi-city trip options) (like the "Flight Scenario Tab)
5. Custom text-based query tool? (e.g. "Good places for wakeboarding that speak english") - Request from Paul. Add to top of explore page
6. Add a "Nomad Visa" page with visa requirements for all locations, based on user's passports
7. Add trip comparison (tick 2-3 locations to get side by side of costs with relevant dates displayed)
8. AI can suggest actions/links?
9. List of things like taxi /uber services, food delivery, etc per country.
10. Add travel-visa API?
11. Add "favourite” tags to all filter lists
12. Add medicine rules for each country (E.g. what can you bring in, how much, etc)
13. Have users add their current medications?

## Monetisation
1. Add booking etc and swap to https://duffel.com/pricing
2. Add safetywing referral program (Travel Insurance)
3. Add finance tool referrals (Wise, Revolut, etc)
4. Add locations for tax purposes? (E.g. US States)
5. Add accommodation search?
6. Add local experiences + courses?
7. Add Referral to immigration services/lawyers?
8. Credit card referrals?
9. 313 cable park referrals?
10. Phone number management - sell eSims?
11. Links to products like go-pros, drones, seasonal clothes (puffer jackets, etc)? Tie into packing list + planned locations from scenario planner?
12. VPN referral program?
13. Travel QOL, supplements, lounge access, etc?
14. Advertise experiences relating to the user's interests.
15.

Commit message:

feat: Add language and season data, implement collapsible filters, and enhance location page navigation with branding updates.

Enhancements.md, after:

# Enhancements Backlog

## Issues
1. Languages not displaying on 313 cards?

## Immediate Goals
7. Custom text-based query tool? (e.g. "Good places for wakeboarding that speak english") - Request from Paul. Add to top of explore page. Might need to send to AI, with some data about the table structure, and user preferences, to design a custom query, then reflect that in the UI.
8. Add "Annual Budget " to user config
9. Show "Monthly Budget"/"Weekly Budget" based on annual Budget (with a toggle to switch between the two). 
10. Cost per week on location cards should be coloured red if it exceeds the user's weekly budget, and orange if it is more than 80% of the budget.
11. The sidebar navigation should be the same for all pages, and moved to the top of all pages, while keeping the filters on the sidebar to the left.
12. Change name of "settings" page to "Configuration".


## Stretch Goals
1. Add expense tracking so people can better estimate costs for themselves in specific locations?
2. Add an experience wishlist brainstorm chatbot?
3. Add Nomad Visa requirements list via API
4. Add flight scenario comparison tool? (Compare costs/dates/availability across several multi-city trip options) (like the "Flight Scenario Tab)
5. Add a "Nomad Visa" page with visa requirements for all locations, based on user's passports
6. Add trip comparison (tick 2-3 locations to get side by side of costs with relevant dates displayed)
7. AI can suggest actions/links?
8. List of things like taxi /uber services, food delivery, etc per country.
9. Add travel-visa API?
11. Add "favourite” tags to all filter lists
12. Add medicine rules for each country (E.g. what can you bring in, how much, etc)
13. Have users add their current medications?
14. Add fuzzy search to all filter lists

## Monetisation
1. Add booking etc and swap to https://duffel.com/pricing
2. Add safetywing referral program (Travel Insurance)
3. Add finance tool referrals (Wise, Revolut, etc)
4. Add locations for tax purposes? (E.g. US States)
5. Add accommodation search?
6. Add local experiences + courses?
7. Add Referral to immigration services/lawyers?
8. Credit card referrals?
9. 313 cable park referrals?
10. Phone number management - sell eSims?
11. Links to products like go-pros, drones, seasonal clothes (puffer jackets, etc)? Tie into packing list + planned locations from scenario planner?
12. VPN referral program?
13. Travel QOL, supplements, lounge access, etc?
14. Advertise experiences relating to the user's interests.
